For the past while my daily sleep routine has been bimodal depending on whether I'm currently on a school term or not. To clarify, on school terms I tend to do school related stuff until the witching hour (about 3/4 am) and then I lie down consuming some form of media until my brain determines it's time to sleep. On the other hand, when I'm not on a school term my sleep schedule approximates a functioning human's sleep schedule a little more closely, as I sleep between midnight and 1:00 am. The time from when I relegate myself to bed to when I sleep is also typically shortened.

For the latter sleep routine, I typically do some sort of "productive" stuff before lying down in bed but I find myself getting a bit tired earlier than I expect. This usually makes it difficult for me to read a paper thoroughly, but I hypothesize that it may be a better idea for me to write a informative post and disseminate the information I've presumably gathered throughout the day rather than trying to stuff my brain with more knowledge. Another idea I've had is to read some papers that are tangentially related to my work but in a manner that is more for fun and not very carefully (which certainly means that I'm skipping the appendix #sorrynotsorry). I suppose this post will be the first iteration of my experiment to verify the prior hypothesis, along with testing out the LaTeX functionality of this platform. I will keep it short, informal and simple in this iteration.

In fact, I'm borrowing from a class I took recently called the topologist's sine curve. This is a set which is connected but not path-connected and is denoted by:

\[A = \{(0, 0)\} \cup \{(x, \sin(1/x)):0 < x \le 1\}\]

You can imagine that a set is connected if you cannot partition the set into two nonempty subsets where the closure of both sets have nonempty union. On the other hand a set is path connected if, well, there is a continuous path between every two points in the set that is completely contained in the set. (these definitions are not rigourous)

Isn't it interesting that the topologist's sine curve has the above properties? It certainly was tricky to imagine for me when I first learned about it.